Matthew Comments:
First Set
DONE - you had figure 4 as landscape, but that is completely unnecessary
  i've made it smaller so it fits in portrait
  however, now the text is too small.
  can you replot the figure so that it looks right in this size?
  you should be able to use height and width in the pdf() command i think?
  DONE - also x and y axis labels should be simplified
    i think y axis can just be "number of SNPs"
    x axis can be "number of phenotypes"
    then titles can be "Distribution, across SNPs, of number of confidently associated phenotypes" (edited)
    and "Distribution, across SNPs, of number of confidently unassociated phenotypes"
  DONE - You don't need to repeat the titles (or axis labels) in every panel... (edited)

DONE - i think the dahl and finucane refs are missing? (edited) 

Second set
DONE - table 1: the phenotypes "Accumbens, Amygdala..." those are parts of the brain, not phenotypes... can you say what the phenotypes are?
  - Mention this to Matthew

DONE - Figure 1, with hindsight the split axes don't really do the job well i think. Let's split this into two figure panels (a and b), one with the 3 large studies and the other with the other 7 studies
  then we won't need the split axis. we just put the y axis on different scales for each panel.

DONE - Table 2, "previous Uni" and "new multi" still abbreviated

DONE - Figure 4: label the panels a and b. make the text axis labels so that they can be read.

- p13 "Consortium (2013)" i think this ref should give the consortium name?

- i think the 1Mb window terminology is ambiguous. Can you make sure we use the "distance away" terminology throughout. So if you mean "within 500kb of the SNP" you say that rather than 
  "within a 1Mb window around the SNP" which is ambiguous.
  - mturchin20   [14 days ago]
    will do

Third set
- I don't understand what you are saying...
  anyway, i've edited the text in that section. can you check it is correct.
  note that "within 1Mb of A" means the same as "within a 2Mb window centered on A".
  so  is "within 1Mb of a previously reported univariate association" correct?

Overleaf Main Comments:
DONE - (Personal) Go through Matthew's edits

- (Personal) Do a go/read-through of everything once done

- (line 264) In both cases results are LD-pruned to avoid counting associations of SNPs in strong LD; see Online Methods for details.

DONE - (line 70) double-check all uses of \textsuperscript & \textsubscript

DONE - (line 156) TODO: Check \cite vs \citep here

DONE - (line 202) TODO: Double check/go over all the movements of scale=.4 to scale=.3?

- (line 249) TODO: Double-check recent revisions still look/work good

DONE - (Personal) check 'new' vs. 'novel' for everything else in manuscript (main & supplemental)

DONE - (Personal) Double check there is no '2014_5' or '2010_1' (pretty sure this was done already by me....just double-double check, same with new vs. novel?)

- (Personal) Mention this comment to Matthew?: "MT: do we need to explicitly state this here? Want to somehow note that this may not match the number of 'published SNPs' from these publications"

- (Personal) Change/check 'EMERGE2' to 'ENIGMA2' everwhere possible
    - DONE Main
    - DONE Supplementary
    - DONE Figures: Update Figure 1 
    - DONE Tables
    - DONE Excel Sheets
    - Mention this to Matthew?

DONE - (Peronal) Mention addition to acknowledgement to Matthew

Overleaf Supplementary Comments:
- (Personal) Communicate to Matthew he should take a look at the comment in Supplementary if/when possible

- (Personal) Redo Supplementary Figure 1 DAG (larger and better resolution; or at least not just copy/pasted from the 2013 PLoS ONE paper as is currently the case)

- (Personal) Do extra supplementary excel sheet table needed


NG Analysis Misc:
DONE - Check specifications
    - From NG -- "An Analysis is a new analysis of existing data (typically large genomic, transcriptomic or proteomic data sets from arrays or other high-throughput platforms) or new data obtained in a comparative analysis of technologie
      s that lead to novel and arresting conclusions of importance to a broad audience. The main text (excluding abstract, Methods, references and figure legends) is approximately 3,000 words. The abstract is typically 100-150 words, unre
      ferenced. Analyses have no more than 6 display items (figures and/or tables). An introduction (without heading) is followed by sections headed Results, Discussion and online Methods. The Results and online Methods should be divided 
      by topical subheadings; the Discussion does not contain subheadings. As a guideline, Analysis allow up to 50 references.
      Analyses include received/accepted dates. They may be accompanied by supplementary information. Analyses are peer reviewed."
      (https://www.nature.com/ng/about/content)
DONE - Check word count
DONE - Check references (currently: 39; guidelines: ~50)
DONE - Check format
    - From NG -- "We do not request manuscripts to be formatted in Nature Genetics’s style for initial submissions, as long as the study is described in a fashion that is suitable for editorial assessment and peer review.
      You can submit either a single PDF file that includes the manuscript text and any display items, or separate files for text, figures and tables. Besides the manuscript files, you should also provide a cover letter addressed to the e
      ditors and any supplementary information."
      (https://www.nature.com/ng/for-authors/preparing-your-submission)
DONE - Check submission setup/format


bmass Package Updates:
 - Please write package names, software names and API names in single 
   quotes (e.g. 'bmass') in your Description.

>    models given the phenotypes and datasets provided.
>    Multivariate models are determined by assigning each
>    phenotype to being either Unassociated (U), Directly
>    associated (D) or Indirectly associated (I) with the SNP of

 - Please explain all acronyms (e.g. SNP) in your Description text to avoid 
   misunderstandings.


>    interest. Test results for each model are presented in the
>    form of Bayes factors, thereby allowing direct comparison
>    between models.

 - If there are references, please add these in the Description field of 
   your DESCRIPTION file in the form
   authors (year) <doi:...>
   authors (year) <arXiv:...>
   authors (year, ISBN:...)
   with no space after 'doi:', 'arXiv:' and angle brackets for auto-linking.

 - Please provide small executable examples in all of your Rd-files (except 
   the data documentations) if possible.

   They examples are wrapped in \dontrun{}, hence nothing gets tested. 
   Please unwrap the examples if that is feasible and if they can be 
   executed in < 5 sec for each Rd file or create additionally small toy 
   examples. Something like
   \examples{
       examples for users and checks:
       executable in < 5 sec
       \dontshow{
           examples for checks:
           executable in < 5 sec together with the examples above
           not shown to users
       }
       donttest{
           further examples for users (not used for checks)
       }
   }
   would be desirable.

 - Please ensure that your functions do not write by default or in your 
   examples/vignettes/tests in the user's home filespace. That is not allow 
   by CRAN policies. Please only write/save files if the user has specified 
   a directory. In your examples/vignettes/tests you can write to 
   tempdir(). E.g.





